=head1 	NAME 

yaBackup - Yet Another Backup script

Homepage:   L<http://falkor.github.com/yabackup>

Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Sebastien Varrette L<Sebastien.Varrette@uni.lu>. 
See LICENSE for details. 

yaBackup is written and maintained by Sebastien Varrette (aka Falkor).
See AUTHORS for details about the other contributors of this project.

yaBackup is a free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

Comments are welcome. 
Kindly submit bugs/feature requests on L<http://github.com/Falkor/yabackup/issues>

=cut
=head1 INSTALLATION GUIDE

=head2 GET YABACKUP SOURCES

You can retrieve the sources of I<yaBackup> using one of the following method: 

=over

=item * Grab the current (potentially brocken) version of I<yaBackup>

In this case, proceed as follows: 

=over 

=item *

either go to the I<yaBackup> homepage at L<http://github.com/Falkor/yabackup>, 
click on the 'Download Source' button on top to get a tar archive named
C<Falkor-yabackup-xxxxxxx.tar.gz> then run:  

           cd
           tar xvzf /path/to/Falkor-yabackup-xxxxxxx.tar.gz
           cd yabackup

=item *

retrieve the latest version using git by running: 

           git clone git://github.com/Falkor/yabackup.git
           cd yabackup

=back

=item * Grab the latest stable realease (version 1.0)

Go to L<http://github.com/Falkor/yabackup/downloads> and download 
C<yabackup-1.0.tar.gz>. Uncompress the archive and move into the
uncompressed folder: 

           cd /path/to/yabackup-1.0.tar.gz
           tar xvzf yabackup-1.0.tar.gz
           cd yabackup-1.0

=back

=head2 AUTOTOOLS SETUP

I<yaBackup> rely on the Autotools to simplify its installation (i.e. via the
classical C<./configure; make; make install> procedure).

Except if you retrieved the archive of the latest stable version
(C<yabackup-1.0.tar.gz>) from the download area, the  C<configure> script
is absent. This applies if you grab the latest revision of I<yaBackup> from the
GIT repository), or if for some reason you modify any configuration file of the
autotools (i.e. C<configure.ac> or C<Makefile.am>).
In this case, you can generate the script by running:

         ./bootstrap

This script assumes the availability on your system of the following software: 

=over 

=item 1. 

C<autoconf> version 2.6 or later

=item 2. 

C<automake> version 1.9.6 or later

=back

=head2 PERL CPAN MODULES

As I didn't want to reinvent the wheel, I<yaBackup> depends on the Perl modules
printed by running 

        ./bootstrap --extract-perl-modules

Their availability on your system will be checked by the C<configure> script of
course. If a module C<Module::Name> is missing, the best approach to install it
is to rely on B<cpan> (see L<http://search.cpan.org>) by running in a terminal: 

        sudo cpan

accept the default configurations and once the cpan prompt appears, simply run
C<install Module::Name> 

=head2 INSTALLATION

You can now run the C<configure> script (see C<./configure --help> for
configuration options). 

I advice you to use B<stow> (see L<http://www.gnu.org/software/stow/> or
L<stow(8)>, a wonderful tool to activate/desactivate different versions of the
same program compiled by autotools. Once installed (C<apt-get install stow>
under Debian or C<sudo port install stow> on Mac OS X), configure the directory
that will host the program compiled and later installed by B<stow> as follows:

         sudo mkdir /usr/local/stow
         sudo chmod 777 /usr/local/stow

You'll then typically install I<yaBackup> as follows:  

         ./configure --prefix=/usr/local/stow/yabackup-1.0
         make 
         make install
         cd /usr/local/stow
         sudo stow yabackup-1.0

The advantage of this approach is that I<yaBackup> will be present on your
system in the default location (C</usr/local/bin/yabackup> is a symbolic link
toward C</usr/local/stow/yabackup-1.0/bin/yabackup>) yet you can easily
disable this version of I<yaBackup> (and activate another one) by running: 

         cd /usr/local/stow
         sudo stow -D yabackup-1.0

I<Note>: this will simply remove the link C</usr/local/bin/yabackup>.

=head1 USAGE

Once installed, please refer to L<yabackup(1)> or run C<yabackup --help> for usage
details. 

=cut
